README.md, before:

# Colorized-Project

🟨🟥🟩🟦

---

This is a fork of the [Project-Color by nowtilous of which the maintenance seems to be somewhat abandoned][original].

In general, some stale pull requests have been merged and some issues have been fixed.

The plugin has been renamed to Colorized-Project to namespace away and avoid confusion with the original plugin.

The plugin has been updated to work with the latest IntelliJ versions.

---

![Build](https://github.com/nelsonjchen/Colorized-Project/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/20920.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/20920)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/20920.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/20920)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/nelsonjchen/Colorized-Project)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/nelsonjchen/Colorized-Project)
![](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/r/rating/20920)

<!-- Plugin description -->
This is a maintained fork of [Project-Color by nowtilous of which the maintenance seems to be somewhat abandoned](https://github.com/nowtilous/Project-Color/issues/).

Remember your projects by color! Colorize the window somehow to differentiate your open projects.

Working on multiple projects simultaneously with Jetbrains products based on IntelliJ can be difficult, since they all look the same at a glance. This plugin solves that by giving the user the option to colorize each project's window in a noticeable way.
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Usage & Screenshots 🖥️

![](/screenshots/usage.gif)
![](/screenshots/desktop_multiple_projects.png)
![](/screenshots/color_picker_menu.png)
![](/screenshots/taskbar_view.png)

## Compatibility ⚙️

Supports all Intellij IDEs from version 2022.3 (233) and above!

> ✅ Tested on all versions up to 2022.3

> ❌ Supported version is a bit optimistic, this plugin may break.

> ❌ Does not work with new GUI, yet.

> ✅ Works on all Jetbrains IntelliJ products.

> ✅ Supports Windows🪟, MacOS🍎 , and Linux🐧 distributions (that Jetbrains support)!

## Features 💪

  - Set menu frame, menu bar, or bar color (as shown in the Screenshots section).
  > ❔ Next to the build icons, a colorful cube button will popup a menu which allows you to choose colors from.
  - Automatically select colors for all projects, based on every project name.
  > ❔ In the color chooser menu, select the 'Options' tab, and check the auto color set checkbox.

  - The foreground color is highlighted according to the darkness of the chosen color, in order to have a comfortable contrast from the background.

## Installation 🛠️

- Using IDE built-in plugin system:

  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "Colorized-Project"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install Plugin</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/nelsonjchen/Colorized-Project/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[original]: https://github.com/nowtilous/Project-Color/issues/

Commit message:

does not work with new UI yet

README.md, after:

# Colorized-Project

🟨🟥🟩🟦

---

This is a fork of the [Project-Color by nowtilous of which the maintenance seems to be somewhat abandoned][original].

In general, some stale pull requests have been merged and some issues have been fixed.

The plugin has been renamed to Colorized-Project to namespace away and avoid confusion with the original plugin.

The plugin has been updated to work with the latest IntelliJ versions.

---

![Build](https://github.com/nelsonjchen/Colorized-Project/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/20920.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/20920)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/20920.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/20920)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/nelsonjchen/Colorized-Project)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/nelsonjchen/Colorized-Project)
![](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/r/rating/20920)

<!-- Plugin description -->
This is a maintained fork of [Project-Color by nowtilous of which the maintenance seems to be somewhat abandoned](https://github.com/nowtilous/Project-Color/issues/).

NOTE: This does not work with the new GUI, yet.

Remember your projects by color! Colorize the window somehow to differentiate your open projects.

Working on multiple projects simultaneously with Jetbrains products based on IntelliJ can be difficult, since they all look the same at a glance. This plugin solves that by giving the user the option to colorize each project's window in a noticeable way.
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Usage & Screenshots 🖥️

![](/screenshots/usage.gif)
![](/screenshots/desktop_multiple_projects.png)
![](/screenshots/color_picker_menu.png)
![](/screenshots/taskbar_view.png)

## Compatibility ⚙️

Supports all Intellij IDEs from version 2022.3 (233) and above!

> ✅ Tested on all versions up to 2022.3

> ❌ Supported version is a bit optimistic, this plugin may break.

> ❌ Does not work with new GUI, yet.

> ✅ Works on all Jetbrains IntelliJ products.

> ✅ Supports Windows🪟, MacOS🍎 , and Linux🐧 distributions (that Jetbrains support)!

## Features 💪

  - Set menu frame, menu bar, or bar color (as shown in the Screenshots section).
  > ❔ Next to the build icons, a colorful cube button will popup a menu which allows you to choose colors from.
  - Automatically select colors for all projects, based on every project name.
  > ❔ In the color chooser menu, select the 'Options' tab, and check the auto color set checkbox.

  - The foreground color is highlighted according to the darkness of the chosen color, in order to have a comfortable contrast from the background.

## Installation 🛠️

- Using IDE built-in plugin system:

  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "Colorized-Project"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install Plugin</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/nelsonjchen/Colorized-Project/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[original]: https://github.com/nowtilous/Project-Color/issues/
